[__] done I don't think so all right
so we got to just do we're going to
speedrun this cuz I'm honestly kind of
like sick of how long this stupid
software nonsense is taken so there's
three things to do first is what we just
did was we made this simple app that
lets me send some serial data to an
esp32 and turn on the onboard LED so now
the next step of that is controlling
stepper Motors and
all we have to do is we have this
example and instead
of where is the um code that does this
instead of using this API service to
make an HTTP call we're instead going to
um uh do some serial communication so
the first thing that we need to
do is um where how do I get
the how do I get the thing
resource manager project okay it's
project okay so all we need to do is
first go to
um the
Manifest and we need to add some
permissions so we
want we want these
permissions and then we want um
this so this allows us to
um uh uh request the
USB so uh where does that go that goes
in
activity wait entry Choice
activity live preview I think it has to
be in here I don't actually no I've only
ever used one activity it's
main I'm pretty sure it's
um oh but instead of java we want the
um I wonder if they
inherit come an interesting thing let's
just I know that it's
live preview activity so why don't I put
it in there and then we're going to see
now we need this which is in XML we make
a new resource file and this is going to
be called device filter and honestly I
don't even know why this is a
thing holy hell dude the amount of
nonsense in this do you want to add it
to get bro um and then we're just going
to copy this
and we're going to just uh put this in
here and so this will this I I don't
even know what the hell this does but
the important thing is that it lets us
use
the uh USB to ur uh
chip and I'm not sure why this is
red and then what's wrong here this
should be fine now oh and then
is that not supposed to be in there like
that oh yeah it
is
oh wait
what but where's the closing
I'm so
confused I'm pretty sure it's
this okay yeah
yeah
uh this goes here and then you oh then
you paste the
uh whatever this actually
does okay so now in
there so now we just need to add uh the
dependency on the
actual uh thing and that is going to be
in the radal scripts and I think in
settings. no was
it I'm I feel like it might have been in
settings oh but this is a this is a uh
uh the other
type so well let's go to the
um okay so in the
root build.
Gradle oh wait this is the wrong
one the root build.
Gradle we need to
have um
okay so this is easy that's the part
that's easy in here there's just a bunch
of
dependencies and then we just add
this
now
uh what's it called it's called jit pack
is jit yeah no it's not so let me just
chbt um
I just don't get it
um we're probably using this so I just
copy and paste this into
this and
then excuse
me okay so let's uh sync and
see if um we can get it the
build okay um it's still running
okay
um dude stop telling me to do
that
okay so
now pretty sure it's this
so this is where all the pi the PD
control
is
um and then we do move Motors and so the
move
Motors um
yeah so this is where it's probably
going to be some weirdness
because
um it's not it's not clear how do I pass
in uh because it's not as simple as just
um
so I I added
this can I actually just look at my
commits to
um okay so this is the most recent or
the
oldest
okay just step using button prob
this camera preview
activity we added a
button and then we passed that to face
detector processor so what we need to
pass now
instead is
um is the
serial object basically whatever is the
handle that lets
you so what is sorial data need
so we need to send a Serial
Port okay so we don't have a main
activity but I'm pretty sure that in
camera X oh oh yeah camera X we put it
in the wrong spot so
um let's go back to
here oh what was I what did I need to
change it was um
in the Manifest right it's this one so
we want to
add this also to
here um
okay
now okay now how did we add a uh an
argument to this thing
just wherever face detector processor
was uh created we're going to add so
okay so we need to go to this file
camera X live preview activity
so oops wrong
guy camera X live preview activity now
there should be a main activity or like
this is like the overall thing that
manages everything so presumably there's
a move button in here or I don't know
where it gets made
but on
create on Creative this we are going to
want to ask
for uh the
permission let's see okay here's the
move
button and interestingly
so what I want to do is um I don't care
if it's private or not so this is going
to
be um and what did we call it serial
Port
um oh and then what do we need to
import I'll import all of this stuff
and so why is that
not
working I added the uh
dependency should be
fine so wait what did we what have we
changed so far
it's just this so now let's see it fail
and I just want to know could not
resolve
dependency so why is that oh wait can we
do we have to add it's probably because
we're missing all of the
other
ones and also when we look at this we
had to add multiple things right we had
to
add we had to add both of
these wait what if I just try pasting
that in
into my settings here and and it says oh
we recognized something else or is it
just going to
fail let's try it
again sync
now no yeah see this is like
not so let's just ask what's
the
non version of
in the great in the cotland Gradle DSL
groovy DS dude these guys are smoking
literal meth they're smoking cracken
meth to come up with these names guys
let's call it groovy yeah how about how
about
don't um try
again the plugin management block must
be P
okay try
again oh wait where is this file build.
Gradle oh this is where we need to be
how is that and then I let me just
comment this out
maybe try
again oh okay well it's it found it so
that's I mean that's
good okay so let's see does it get this
ho ho thing now Okay cool so thing
resolved
uh okay so now we set up this Ser or
wait this needs to be a no it needs to
be a VAR and now on create we want to
basically take the code in the main
activity
that um do we need all
this you know why don't I just copy it
all in like is this really going to be a
problem um
oh yeah okay wait so that's
fine
now so we don't need the
buttons we do need a setup you and what
does this do
okay and then serial Port is defined
there okay so we can we can just copy
these two functions you can actually
copy most of
this I don't know if there's I don't
know if there's going to be
um I don't know let's see can I is there
a fold command how do you do the what's
the command pallet thing
in what's the command pet
command oh yeah control sh a uh
fold
all collapse
all
okay so oncreate
UND destroy okay so let's just
um just add
this and then let's go back to the
on did I add okay so I added a whole
bunch of [__]
here now on
create um so wait so when we we have to
go to this we need to add the
um do I do Val I don't know why I need
to put Val there I should just have to
get to say
um serial Port of type USB serial port
and do
that so now we've added and then and
then now I'll it'll propagate and it'll
give me a whole bunch of Errors for all
the places where we instantiate it
incorrectly
um the thing is I think I don't
know I don't know um so so now we want
to put in serial
Port which is Gucci but
um so now here is the place where we
need to actually uh do all of that stuff
in here so we get we want to go back to
oncreate so we we're in the oncreate
right
now now we want to copy
all of
this and then so you set up USB
connection does all this
nonsense and then it calls open and then
open sets the serial Port so then that's
what we want to put in
here uh so then um so um but we don't
really give a [__] about that and then
register receiver
right what's wrong
here call requires API level current men
is
broki I'm so
Brokey let's
see um how do I update
it um what what are you supposed to do
oh wait can I just update
the uh that that probably will break
more stuff than I
um oh wait don't I just have to like not
put this
in h I'm kind of I'm kind of [__]
goated bro so okay what's wrong with
this
oh yeah perfect so now this is going to
be so where are we we need to yeah just
put in um serial
Port nice then we have more errors so
down
here oh
okay fair
enough this
uhhuh what is
that serial IO
manager it takes a listener so wait
where are we even
doing this in here
oh I don't if I just put that there I'm
I'm quite sure that that won't
work if you go up
to this and then you just add a comma
and a
thing is that okay
then on new
data yeah it needs override
oh oh interesting
okay and then what what's
wrong yeah I don't know why I was
allowed to put that there to be
honest class camera X live preview
activity is not abstract and does not
Implement abstract member on run
error defined
in
okay so wait what is what oops oh that's
okay
so what is uh so what is on run error do
we even need it well the issue is this
right I don't even
understand
like presumably there is a way to avoid
having to use
this can't you just make it a field
instead okay so let me just ask chbt
with this
code
I'm trying to
what I'm trying to uh sort of integrate
this code of creating a Serial Port into
a a larger existing app and I'm in its
main activity but what I don't
understand about this the code above
is it references that serial IO listener
in the definition of the class I I don't
know C so it seems like some sort of
inheritance thing um but when I try to
add that
to
uh to what I'm what I'm actually
implementing I get this the following
error and that
is uh and
yeah
right your encountering issue is related
to implementing the serial uh IO manager
listener interface in cotlin and Java
when a class implements an interface it
needs to provide concrete
implementations for all the abstract
okay that's totally reasonable in this
case the error indicates that your
camera X live preview activity class
implements but doesn't provide
implementation for its oh wait so I'm
just
missing oh bro that's actually really
cool I mean it's kind of like Goofy and
inverted but it's actually really cool
so all we need is the um so but does it
tell me what I'm
missing so I can make this thing walk
talk and [__] like a
duck you know so what is it
missing on run error so let's get the
onrun
error and let's get on Destroy we we
probably
okay
so on new
data walk talk and [__] like a
duck I'm so
funny do we have an on
Destroy okay so let's just
um okay so it seems like we've resolved
these
issues so
um okay wait so what I want to do
is now go to face
detector which is
this and I want
to
log on success I want
to wait do I have to so when I pass this
in uh we just want to say um
bck like a
duck and then we want to put in uh
serial
Port dot is is
open is a
function and two string
and then I think I I think it's this
right no how do you how do you
interpolate in strings oh it's
dollar what
okay so okay so let's try to run this
bad
boy I'm actually getting kind of good at
this like that was not that that felt
directed you know like like I know
what's going on and I don't
but what do we do we added an argument
to the face detector
initialization or
whatever so we're passing in a Serial
port and
presumably when you start a camera X
live preview activity oh yeah cool so
all of
these instances of this we need to put
in so wait this is live preview
activity not camera X live preview
activity so where did I do this move
button thing so wait where is the error
it's here so I just did
this
right so do I have to copy over
everything
um okay well why don't I do
it we do it for both activities I don't
know how many I have to do it for but
maybe I'll get better at doing this so
okay so what do we need to do we need
to we need to move that in and then we
need to copy
these we just copy
this oh let's um
so we're going to
copy
this the bottom of live preview
activity okay then we need to copy all
this on Destroy
stuff yeah that should be that that'll
all go away
then where's UND
destroy
here and
then all we have to do next is the
oncreate stuff and this so we copy this
in can I jump there
nice and then we just want to put the on
Create and all we need
is the
stuff and we're going to put it at
the at the bottom
here uh and this we just don't need and
then this uh oh yeah and then this needs
to be
that okay so let's try it again I think
it's probably going to happen
like three more times oh wait what's
going on here oh
yeah serial
port and then down
here no oh yeah we forgot to add the um
the inheritance thing forgot to make it
actually walk talk and [__] like a duck
guys so so in camera X preview activity
we need to go up to here and we need to
add this oh and then we need to add the
Imports too so it's actually like a lot
of random [__] that I'm doing duplicate
uh but whatever so now we put this
and then we want to
uh around
here whoa
what
okay try it again
okay yeah and H still image
activity at this point do I do I think I
know how to just build this from scratch
I feel like it's possible cuz how many
of these we're going to have to do a ton
of
these
um okay
so we're going to have a main
activity and that main activity is going
to be this and we're going to copy this
line for line we're going to copy the
entire thing and this is the main
activity so I'm going to just change
this to main
activity then what does
that but then there's a Chooser
but how does that work
right
options what is this
is this a
string that's so
goofy yeah I don't want to do this that
many times
because if we if we go to the get
diff how many places did I have to add
move
button a
lot
wait actually not that many it
was still image
activity live preview
activity um camera X live preview
activity oh six so that's the last one
so let's just do it still image
activity um so what do we need to do
let's get down to business so we're
going to go here and we're going to copy
this down
to
here uh and this is still image
activity so paste this then we're going
to take the on Destroy
code and I guess we don't need this
twice but
um who knows okay then what's the LA the
next thing is we want to do all
of uh this except for that let's comment
that out um
this on the in the on
create so this is going to be at the
[Music]
end
okay then um we just need to add all
this
to here and then we need to add
to here and I think that's it right
there's going to be a and then we need
to
um oh yeah and then here we add serial
port and then down here we just caught
device
name okay I think that it will compile
now we are making some serious serious
progress
build build build build
build okay
so oh
wait no I think I just want live preview
activity
oh what
happened something fails wait can we
just look at the
logs it's not it's uh is it no it's not
this it's this let's look at the logs um
when you do this you do
this um
okay so that's
cool security exception right so um so
where is this so we need to do this in
three places but now I don't remember
what to do so there was that us USB
receiver
thing oh wait why is this
didn't I did I delete it
somewhere see in the
live USB
receiver can I just add
it
receiver not
exported hopefully that's just fine and
it doesn't really matter
I feel like it might
um where was
it can we just try it
again that looks like an error not a
warning though oh but it did
start no but what
happened
oh wait
what oh can we just
right can we just delete
this okay that's still image activity uh
log text View
should read one more yeah okay then live
preview
activity log text
view can I do multic cursor no I don't
know how to do multi cursor on this
thing okay I think we're good I I know
what else could go
wrong okay cotlin live preview activity
all right we are getting somewhere we're
getting an image let me show
the thing
here base
detection okay so that's good so the
next thing we need to
do is now
um is we need to go to face detector
processor and actually I want to look at
the
logs what is this I don't
know I don't know but we want to look at
um
it's null
though so oh wait wait but that's that's
actually
true oh but oh wait wait wait we need
the wireless we need the wireless
um uh thing because we need to hook this
up to the thing so can we go back um
how can I get water wait can I just try
this thing I I never get this thing
right but uh we want to
do pair devices using Wi-Fi so this one
never works and then
um hold me close my
dear how you love RS
true uh so
um this thing sucks so
much oh we got it okay it's probably
because I left the um I left the thing
on so that's sick so we're connected so
now we're going to hook up to
the
esp32
okay and we're going to pick o which ml
kit Vision
what I should uninstall them both
mmmmm ml kit
I'm going to uninstall
it and I'm going to um well actually I
didn't need to do that let's try it one
more
time okay uh while using the app cotlin
so wait now I want to plug in this
thing I'm going to picko Kit vision
okay then I'm going to do face
detection okay got my face now I want to
look up
the the log cap for
this and then I want to do
[__] and it's Ser port is open let's go
so now it's time to move on to the big
leagues which
is uh when we call move
motor all we need to do in move motor
is do um the serial Port right
stuff so all we need to
do is instead of
this I believe that we can just make it
like
blocking so if we comment this
out and then we make the uh
how do you actually do it what is the
command to uh
send okay and so
data and it's going to
be oh wait can
we can we make this um
clockwise is
zero counterclockwise is one wait
actually can we just keep it the
same or wait wait
so y
equals y
and we're just going to do it comma ya
steps
equals dollar ya
steps pitch dur
equals pitch
dur
oops and pit pitch steps
equals steps okay sweet
um so I believe
that the code that is currently being
run will Echo this the interesting thing
though is that we don't have any
way of oh wait we could just log it
let's make it let's make let's log it so
then in here where's the on
receive I think that we kind of messed
up how this is supposed to
be handled
because isn't there a well let's go to
the simpler
code um on new
data wait do we pass in the no we don't
pass in the super right so like when we
pass when we create a face
detect oh we do pass in this that's the
context but I don't know
how oh wait can we actually look for
Boss let's see if we cuz we were we we
never sent any
so but we
did
[Music]
send we did send b so let's look in here
and say
ba so this is the only
ba so okay so now that we are
sending data so we need to run it again
and we should get echoed
back oh this is the wrong
one hold me close my
dear but tell me how your love runs true
and I can always count on you okay so
we're going to go to face
detection and now it should be sending
okay so seral port's open but we we want
a bar we only get one
bar
but
um yeah so I don't know how
to uh what is it I don't know how
to where where did we put the
actual oh they're down
here set up USB
connection on new data yeah we never got
a
received yeah that's a
uh but did we I don't even know how to
tell did we move the
motors well why don't we just try
it so now we need to write a script
um okay so write a micro python script
that in
a forever
Loop listens for
serial read lines
of dat of the of
the and parses
it then um what was our it was our our
Co it was um
oh yeah and we're going to need to uh
revive to update this
to see ramp up simultaneously is good
but now we have we need
uh we need
um we need um
oh we have moved steps
together wait but the steps
are no that's stupid what kind of
function is
that that's not going to
work
um we can just do this
but this isn't Json
this is
stupid all right that's fine um
this is going to be
um yeah we definitely don't need
this and then um
oh and then we need to um and this is
accurate e
dude we're getting so close I can taste
it e
okay looks good to
me so
so
um let's go get the
thing and we're going to test it
out and we're going to start by testing
it
out oh tell me how you love run
true
okay so
um okay so we're going to
plug this into
here and we are going to do
uh wait uh
hello wait can we just do
this does that
freeze I think I have to RM it
first I don't know why that freezes
okay so um wait but this is the wrong
device this isn't this is not what we're
doing right now
okay
okay so uh
thanks um so wait we need to
uh I don't even know if this is sketch I
just started doing it and I'm like
should keep doing it no yeah see it's
now
com9 okay so let's um
okay so uh and I'm pretty sure that
those pins are
right because we just wrote that code
yeah that that that's right so now we
just need to plug in the the thing
behold
okay get this like that
okay okay so this is
pitch this one
goes here and then this one is YW and
goes
in here okay now time to plug in the
power supply
okay and let's write this and let's turn
on the power supply okay it's locked in
place very cool very
cool okay so now what we want to
do
is
um we want to
we still
have this and this should just be a
normal and so we should be able to
um go here and we're going to connect
CDC device wait is this the
same they might not use the same
um okay so wait so the the thing is
going to
be yeah let uh
y hold on
oh wait so wait now we want to
do this
dude what are you why did it resize for
me whatever I
don't annoying
Windows okay
whatever uh
yeps equals
100 pitch
dir
equals
clockwise pitch
steps
equals uh
100 nothing happened and we didn't get
anything back which is not great
I also didn't get any um
CDC
device what um
so what could be going wrong
then
e e
I mean I didn't get anything back so
that's
not great
news I'm going to know what happens if I
CU yeah there's no reason why I need to
be using my phone for this
actually so let's go to the serial mon
it sent it but it
didn't see why is
that if you are that
any wait wait wait wait wait but that's
not what I that's not what I even want
dude it's so wild that these flies they
go for your
eyes um okay so let's go back
to
um
esp's serial
test yeah this is what we want to
use we don't need this
okay so now what we want to do is we
want to stop
monitoring we want to go to oh wait let
me me make me small
again um
and it's not serial
test it's
um it's called serial track
tracking oh
wait
okay so
now we uh we uh we've uploaded
it so I'm going to disconnect it and I'm
going to power it
up okay now I'm going to start
monitoring Comm
9 I'm gu just say o what
happened what
happened what ate
it by the way I think that this needs to
be all right we're going to I'm going to
try to write it
again yeah why is
that uh okay so let's try it
again okay
fantastic now we should be able to just
start
monitoring
oh okay now we want to just send
high and we got it
back okay so now we want to send um
it's going to be y yach equals
clockwise
okay damn what the
hell e
wait why don't I just
do uh not simultaneous y
do
wait dude these flies they really go
straight for your eyes it's
so bizarre
wait move
steps okay let's just try this but I
don't think that that's what's wait can
I do a print parse
data no wait but see
it's oh wait but it never actually said
it never said received it's only
echoing it's supposed to say received
maybe I me I put the right code
in why isn't it um
wait it must be a it must be
a no but except would
have I don't know let's try to
um let's just do this
and so we're going to stop
monitoring we're going
to maybe I have to like disconnect it I
probably have to disconnect it
okay now let's go to serial
monitor
interesting oh cool oh but it crashes
yeah okay so okay but okay but we've
confirmed that you do in fact need to
unplug it
okay so let's uh stop
monitoring go to the terminal
RM
put dude am pi and micro python is just
so much sicker
than I can't stop saying it because it's
just like I'll never go
back okay so now let's let's do
our
oh baby
what happened there
oh something is definitely going wrong
so wait let's um instead of this we're
going to do
okay so now we're going to stop
monitoring terminal
oh wait did it hit maybe it just hit and
it stalled and then it like regained it
that's probably what happened I wasn't
watching dude
what wait wait what
okay let's freaking do it again
butom bom
they can't lift it it's too heavy
[Music]
wait what if we make the delay
higher oh it's so annoying that we have
to oh wait can we parse a um
wait can we just
[__] now I know the
code okay um
okay uh
uh
okay um
counterclockwise we don't want a th we
want like uh 300 and then we want delay
equal
1500 oh it still stalls
though that's super
frustrating wait why does
it it can't hold it after it does it
what about if we do
500 that's so
weird so
so what I'm going to do turn off the
power
supply I'm going to take out the motors
the DC
motors because we just need to test the
tracking can I increase the delay even
longer or do do we think that that's
just not going to help at all
[Music]
all yeah it just can't lift the motor
watch okay wait we'll do a real test
where I get
but do we have any problems with
stalling um
in in yaw I think we have no problem
stalling in yaw I think I can go down to
normal 850 make this
zero make this uh
300 let's make it 1500 I don't I can't I
honestly can't
tell it doesn't make a great noise but
you know what that could be
um slightly because of
that let's hold it
down yeah so I mean pitch is the harder
one for sure
dude I'd buy a bigger motor that sounds
fine the thing is it's so canel it off
the side all right whatever let's let's
get this
thing lightweight
do this no
[Music]
we need to do some actual
physics what are the forces acting on
this thing okay I almost guarantee that
now if I do any pitch commands I'm going
to be totally
Gucci oops
uh what
we actually need to fix this bug this
bug is driving me
crazy it has a
tendency
it's I don't know how I'm so far off
like
I could just do a manual thing where I
um counter board the stepper
motor mounting
screws and then take that
down from an M5 to like an M4
but even still it's it's just over too
far somehow somehow my cat is just all
wrong um
I mean the it hitting this thing is
totally locks it up oh [__] I shouldn't
do
that I need to solve this bug today
because otherwise we can't make a cool
video it just it's over
like okay so like what is our budget is
the
thing so you want to go to ball shooter
assembly I should make me smaller
right I I was hoping that I would get
clip worthy [__] but uh evidently not
so right so this sticks out a little bit
this is supposed to be perfectly lined
up and this also oh this even has a
millimeter there but like that in
reality that's not what is going on at
all and why is
that it's from this flexing or what I
can't even figure that
out oh no it's because of the warp in
the
gear that's the main thing is the warp
in the gear
I'm down to just try seeing if that
fixes it
okay so um I need to get a
screwdriver I mean
yeah yeah this gear just Flex too much
[Music]
okay doing random goofy [__] to try to
fix the problems I created trying to do
goofy [__] to fix the problems that I am
the cause
for doing real goofy [__]
doing real goofy
[__] doing real goofy [__]
it's got to be that oh yeah it's that
for
[__] what is wrong with me
okay we're going to try and see if that
uh saves us anything
doing goofy [__]
you realize how long you spend just
assembling stuff when you when you make
a thing like this
just constantly rebuilding
it okay so let's see if did that improve
anything yeah that definitely fixed
it okay so now we should be able to just
power on this app put the wire so
so wait we need to thread this through
here plug this
in
okay now all that we should have to do
it's not getting
it do we still have am Android debug
Bridge the serial port is open null it's
not open why is it not
open let's close the app and reopen it
maybe did this
crash Oh weird
for
it's
open but we're not
um why is my scroll bar so [__]
up it's so annoying what is going on
here
so the serial port is
open so it must just be
um so so let's print
data birth tastic
data okay so let's uh rerun this
app cuz I'm guessing that
wait why is it going so
slow oh oh oh oh oh I'm a goofy I'm a
Goofy ah I'm a Goofy ah bro I'm a Goofy
ah bro Goofy ah bro Goofy ah
dude bro Goofy
ah no still no
but it's
not but if we were to send that to uh
okay if I'm if I take this
string oh
wait wait dude goofy
off no it's still
not okay so if I unplug
this and then plug this
in okay then I go to my serial monitor
and I send the string that was generated
by my
app it
works so for some reason send is
not for some reason this is
not but why
dude I don't get
it that string is a valid string thing
why isn't
it so something is wrong with this
command I
guess what is this
return it doesn't return anything but it
can error
can I check how do I check if it
aired I mean the serial port is open
what if I just try to write a string
what if I just try to write a string in
um my other
app so we're going to go to uh so
this so we're going to we're going to go
to
this and on
the on
button we're instead going to write oh
dude is it the new line Bro you've got
to be J
joking literally literally bro literally
dude literally
bro literally that's the CR of thing oh
my God all right that's definitely what
was going
wrong bro literally forgot to send a new
line on the serial right bro literally
forgot can't you believe
that it's gonna work come on let's
go yeah
yeah oh [__] wait we can't do
that wait so okay feed it
through but literally it's the freaking
wait what happened why is it gone loose
oh it literally fell out of the gear
that's no
good okay yeah we need to start
ah wait did I stop stream
somehow what happened oh man I can just
fall off of this
thing there's nothing preventing this so
over here I just need to add a um a
collar so we'll just print a collar for
that that's
fine whatever the diameter of that thing
is we'll
just okay
okay so let's get this going so we have
this and we have
this
stop I can't tell how that looks
okay wait it stopped working bro what
the [__]
why isn't it
working oh yeah
oh was this a
um this is in
milliseconds timeout
in for writing in in
milliseconds bro literally bastic
brah I don't know what this error means
permission
issue I think we should just do
this okay let's run it again
wait we probably have to do this all
over again
no but once it
stops
it's oh wait no maybe it's just a loose
connection
it could just be a bad
connection that's actually that would be
really
unfortunate e
a it fell out
it's not doing it I think I have to
um no
this sucks bro
damn so basically basically the problems
with
this
are are
basically it
um it still overshoots it's still
sending
commands oh you know what though there's
probably some
stupid time. sleep in here if we get rid
of this 100 millisecond sleep will
probably be a whole lot better
off regardless
though the cable keeps falling out of
the out of the phone so that's going to
be like a really big
issue maybe I can just get a right angle
USBC
oh I could get like a uh adapter
pack 10 bucks
okay I I just got some right angle ones
um all right let's try it without the um
first I'm not even going to put it in
here let's reprogram it so that it
doesn't sleep 100 I feel like that's
going to cause a huge
Improvement um so uh we wanted to go to
terminal and then just run these two
things
again okay I'm going to plug into my
phone
why isn't it working
what I don't even change
anything do we still have our logs we
probably should still get logs
yeah why is the serial Port not
open can we um do a little
test okay so then what is going wrong
oh that's
fast for
this thing's so [__] noisy
[Music]
bro holy
[__] two hours well it's sort of okay
without the Sleep command it's oh maybe
we should add a sleep of like
I don't know like
uh what is that one two three 5
milliseconds
um for
will that
work wait why can't I move
this I shouldn't be able to move
this it should be locked if the power
supply is
on I don't know
so
um what was I thinking about oh
yeah yeah this will do
but yeah what we're going to need is on
the back plate of this thing we're going
to need to mount
the the little USB to ur
chip so that we can
uh man it's so much work to even see if
it
like can if you can get it
reliable it's kind of brutal
actually that
happen um
well we could try micro stepping let's
look at the
um let's look at
um how do I do micro stepping on
my but just time all the high
okay let me get my
I mean right now they're freaking
floating okay
yeah let's just do it
okay wait I I feel like I should get a a
clip um
so
uh how do we want
it no there's probably a clip in there
I'm I'm GNA end the
stream uh I'm going end the stream maybe
I'll do a little bit
later inside it's getting
cold what a bummer man
it's faster it's still basic okay
so here's a conclusion it's faster for
sure it's still just as
jerky there was still oscillatory
Behavior but that was okay that was sort
of before I got rid of the delay
yeah right it like backs up you can't
you can't let it back up that's for
sure with uh with commands to run
because then it really just gets worse
and worse as time goes
on
um man the deeper I go into this the
more challenging it gets like it's
really pushing my
limits e
stupid e
there's this NE 23 that's uh it
has what
uh five times little less than five
times the
torque it's big
though I don't know if I could drive it
with an um
I probably
could how long is the shaft do they give
me drawings for this
thing there's no drawing on the picture
the gearboxes are always so expensive of
these things it's not like it even has
an encoder in it it's just a
gearbox the Nema
23 this
is a a little less a little more than
double no yeah a little bit more than
double for 20 bucks
it changes so many things by
yeah it would be cool to like take all
of the steppers on the market and like
for a given volume how much torque do
you get cuz like these are all defined
as a wreck or a a box of size you
know that would be a fun
project how much volume and how much
cost like you PL you plot
you plot a surface where you have
cost you have volume and then you have
torque up here and then you that would
be really cool
um
e e
okay that's the end of the stream
really
tough
e e
all right that's the that's the stream
that's whatever